I want to take communion with you and
everybody else. Let's take communion
and let's believe God for their miracle
today. Let's believe God for
supernatural. You believe it, I
believe it. I'm ready. I know you do. I
believe it too, and let's believe it
together. We're
expecting
to tell
you there's an
urgency. I know I keep saying that, but my
goodness, you need to know it.
There's a great major thing about to
take
place in God's timing. He won't tell me
the exact time. I've seen
it, and oh, what it will do to the
world. My goodness,
folks, wake up. You're running out of time.
Father, we lift up this body before
you. We thank you, Father.
We want to be awake; we want to seek your
face; we want to find you.
As this household, we need a move of
God, and we will not be the same today as
we are tomorrow. We will go from glory to
glory to glory. Father, we
thank you, Lord, that you said in your
word that you were wounded for our
transgressions, you were bruised for our
iniquities, the chastisement of our peace
was upon you, and with your stripes, we're
healed. Father, I thank you, Lord, from
the top of our head to the soles of our
feet. It doesn't
matter what it may be; sickness of
all kinds, you said you took it all.
Galatians says that Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law,
and we will not be underneath that curse
anymore; sickness is part of
that curse. Father, we thank you, Lord,
according to Deuteronomy 28, those curses,
all that were listed, were redeemed from
them. So Father, we take this body right
now, and we're redeemed from cancer,
from lack,
from diabetes, heart disease,
high blood pressure, high
blood sugars,
glaucoma,
cataracts, toothaches, and gum
deterioration, and all kinds of things.
You healed us by your stripes. So Father,
we take this in remembrance of what you
did for us. We take this God because you
did it all, and when you said it's
finished, it was finished. Everything you
set out to do, you did it, and we take
part of it. We remember what you did for
us in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood, and
we apply the blood, and we make much of
your blood, Lord, for your blood makes
much of us. We plead the blood of
Jesus
over our
households,
over our minds,
that no weapon formed against us
is going to prosper. Every tongue that
rises against us, we condemn it. We say a
thousand shall fall at our side and ten
thousand
at our right hand, but it will not
come nigh us. We hold the blood of Jesus
Christ over our families, over my wife,
over my children, over me. The blood
of Jesus covers us; the blood of Jesus
covers us, and greater is he that is in
us than he that is in the
world. We thank you for the blood,
Lord. We confess our sin, and you
are
faithful and just to forgive us of our
sin and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness, and we plead the blood
of Jesus Christ over us today in our
household. We take communion every day
in this house. We take this communion
every day, and we believe that the Lord
Jesus Christ is one with us, and we're
one with him, that as he is, so are we in
this
world. As he is, so are we in this
world. Jesus Christ, the same yesterday,
today, and
forever. He said it, and I believe it, and
that settles
it. I am fully
persuaded that Jesus Christ is the same
yesterday, today, and forever. He is the
same God that he was then as he is now;
he's not changed. He's still healing the
sick. He's still casting out devils
through you and
I. We lay hands on the sick, and he said
they will recover. We cast out devils, and
he said they have to flee. Submit
yourself therefore unto God, resist the
devil, and he will flee from
you. You say, why, how come the Lord
hasn't taken any more of these devils?
They're bothering me. All this stuff. He
said, you do
it. He's not going to do any
more about the devil for you; he already
done everything he's going to do. He said,
you do it. You submit yourself unto God;
it takes you doing it. You resist the
devil; he didn't say, I'm going to resist
the devil for you; he said, you resist the
devil and he will
flee. But it first takes you saying, I
submit myself to God today. I submit.
Father, I need you; I need you.
Holy Spirit, help. I need you. And I submit
myself unto God, and I resist him. Satan,
get
yourself out of here in the name of
Jesus. You will not torment me, you will
not try to bother me. I plead this blood
of Jesus over my mind, over my body. Thus
far, Satan, and no further. You will not
torment my children, you will not torment
my house, you will not mess with my
finances. You are under my feet. Greater
is he that is in me than he that is in
the
world, and that's what you've got to do.
Submit yourself therefore unto God,
resist the devil, and he will
flee. Believe it; you've got to believe it.
Be fully persuaded about that. Well, I'm
having bad dreams, I'm having night
terrors,
I'm having all this stuff go on in
my marriage. I plead the blood of Jesus.
What you mean by that? It's what's at the
mercy seat, it's what's at the throne
room, and Jesus is your attorney.
And then Satan is the accuser of the
brethren, and he's up there saying, look
what she's done, look what he's done, look
what this. But you are saying, what do
you plead, guilty or not guilty? I say I
plead the
blood. I plead his blood. His blood washes
me white as snow, his blood makes me
whole, his blood protects me from my head
to my toe. His blood is everything for me,
and it's at that mercy seat, and Jesus
says to you, Satan, they plead the blood,
so they plead innocent because the blood
makes you innocent, spotless before the
Father. The blood makes you innocent,
spotless, because Jesus was
sinless. He had no
sin; there was no sin in him, so his blood
was pure and it washes you white as
snow. He is the
Redeemer. He set you free; he bought, he
paid for all of it by what he did on
Calvary's tree. He did it all, he paid the
price for you and me. He washed you in
his blood, he set you free. But you plead
the blood because it's at his mercy seat,
and he is your attorney, just
like a good attorney goes before the
judge, and God is the great judge of all
things, and Jesus is the attorney, and
he's making intercession for you and I.
He's praying for you right now, and he's
up there and he says, I plead the blood,
my blood, my blood, Father, washed all that
they did away. And Satan's up there, the accuser of
the brethren
that the Bible
says, he's accusing you. He wants you dead;
he wants to kill, steal, and
destroy. But it's only by this blood that
represents what he did on that cross
that you're able to live
free. That's why I take this every
day. The only way that we're able to
stand against the devil is by the blood
of the
Lamb and the word of my testimony. And my
testimony is, he saved me, he delivered me,
he turned my life around. And the only
thing that stands before that I can go
into the Lord's throne is the blood of
Jesus
Christ. It's what's on that mercy seat;
it's in his courtroom, and that's why I
do this all the time with you all
because this is the only
thing that gives you
power. Do you understand? If it wasn't for
this blood,
if it wasn't for that body, you'd be
damned to hell for
eternity. None of us have enough good
works; none of us can do anything good
enough. We all have sinned and come short
of the glory of God. The Bible says every
single one of us deserves hell, but it's
because of this blood you're able to be
free. This is just representation of it.
We do it by faith. That's why Diana and I
take this every day because if it wasn't
for the
blood, where would we
be? It's the blood that washes us,
it's the blood that cleanses us from all
unrighteousness, but it's the blood
that's at the mercy seat. There's
an altar, and he presented his blood.
He was a sacrifice, the Lamb
slaughtered for the sins of
the world. He took it all for you and
me. By his stripes, you're
healed; by his blood, you're free. He
washed you white as snow, ladies and
gentlemen, and that's why we take this
blood. We make much of the blood, we make
much of his blood, and his blood makes
much of you. Do you understand now? I try
to explain it a little bit because
people go, what does this mean? Why do you
do this? It's the
blood that makes you white as
snow. He is your
attorney. Jesus is your attorney making
intercession for you. Father, they messed
up
again. His blood is praying for you;
his blood is crying out for
you. Guess what? It's all washed away.
Whatever you've done today, the
Bible says if you confess your sins, he
is faithful and just to forgive you of
your sins and cleanse you from all
unrighteousness. Every one of us
deserves
hell. Every one of us, not one of us can
do it on our own. It's by his
blood, it's by his
blood. So we take this blood, and we make
much of your blood today, Lord, and we
thank you, Lord, for what you did. And
Christ redeemed us from the curse of the
law,
according to Deuteronomy
28, and we make much of this
blood because it was so
expensive. It was so
expensive. This blood was so
expensive. It cost him his
life. He did it just for you so that you
don't have to be sick, you don't have to
have poverty. He said, I became poor that
they might be rich.
I took poverty, I took these
things. Poverty is a curse. True
poverty is a curse; it's spiritual
leprosy. I will not be poor another day
in my life for what Jesus paid the price
for. He said I became poor. Look it up,
Google it. He became poor that you might
be rich.
Jesus, thank you for what you did for me,
and that's what we do with this
communion. It should be so real to you
when you take it like I'm talking about
right now. Don't just take a piece of
cracker and juice and just go, well, I'm
taking it because it's a religious thing
to do. Why do we do
it? What's the meaning of it? Yes, what's
the meaning of
it? People don't have a
clue why do we do this. It's not a
religious act, so deep. It's
relationship, it's
relationship. Thank you, Father. Thank you
for your blood, Lord. You're precious to
me. Thank you,
Father, thank you for that mercy seat,
Father.
Oh Lord, you're
beautiful. Your
face is all I
seek, and
when your
eyes are
on this
child, your
grace
abounds to me.
Oh
Lord, you're
beautiful. Your
face is all I
seek, and
when your
eyes are on this
child, your
grace
abounds to
me.
Jesus, what a wonder you
are. You are so
gentle, so pure, and so
kind. You
shine like the bright morning
star.
Jesus, what a wonder you
are.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of
all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I
call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the
sweetest, sweetest name of
all.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I
call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the
sweetest, sweetest name of
all.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of
Jesus, you always hear me when I
call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time
I
fall. You're the
sweetest, sweetest name of
all. You're the
all. He's the
sweetest, he's the sweetest
name
of
all.
I love that song. I sing it to him.
All
I
believe in
miracles, I've seen a soul set
free.
Miraculous the change
in
one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily
push its way up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in
miracles for I believe in
God. I
believe in
miracles, I've seen a soul set
free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed
through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its
way up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in
miracles for I believe in God. I love
that
song. I love that
song. I sang that the other day,
and I started singing; the glory filled
our car, and we were
taken back by it because all
of a sudden, this man started running
around the road in front of us as I
was singing. The glory filled our car,
and he started just waving and doing all
this stuff. I said, what is that guy
doing? I don't know if he felt it or not,
but he started doing a dance in the road.
I guess he could hear me singing. I don't
know, but he took his dog and he just
running the dog around. I thought, that
guy that was way out there, folks. Are you
laughing?
We were all laughing, and
I said, what was he doing? I said, I
believe in
miracles, I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one
redeemed
through
Calvary. I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in
miracles for I believe in God.
Glory to God, I love
it. I believe in it and I expect it every
day. I want you to expect it every day. We
pray this video blessed you all today. We
thank you for joining us. I know it's
probably long and some of you will fuss
about it, but it's how long it went, and
we're thankful for the Holy Spirit
coming with us today. I felt his presence
so strong.
God bless you all. Hey, all to the ones
who get saved, all to the ones who do not
have a Bible, that cannot afford a
Bible, yes, you cannot afford it. You don't
have a Bible and you're new to this
channel, and you say,
Brandon, I don't have the means to buy a
Bible, I have no way of getting one. Could
you help me get one? Diana and I would
like to buy you a Bible today. We would
like to buy you a Bible. You can just
do not put your address in the
thing; it will never bother you again in
the comments down below. We will never
bother you again. You can email us. Yes,
email. Your email is private to us, your
address will be private to us; it's for
this use only. We're not here to solicit
you about anything. We just want to get
you a Bible. Our hearts are to help you.
We pray for you, we love you, we thank you
for joining us. If you're still here this
long, you are really dedicated. There's
some folks that don't, but we're
thankful for the ones that do
because the Lord wants to say
something. Yes, but we pray for you. We'll
never solicit you for any money on any
platform. We'll never ask you for a dime
on any platform ever. Do not fall for
this; there are many that have, but we are
not ever going to ask you for a dime on
this platform or any other platform. The
Lord said, you preach my gospel freely
and you give it freely to the people.
Never ask him for a dime. And so I want
you to know that we are never going to
do that. So if there's people out there
doing it, it is not us, and there are
people trying to imitate us. Yes,
they're trying to snare you.
Impersonators, yes, impersonators, and it
makes me very angry. And I've, we've tried
our hardest to stop these people because
it's wrong, and we want you to be aware
of this. So I have to tell that every
time at the beginning of the video,
it's
what I need to tell, because it's the one
the people watching first. We will not
ask you for nothing. So we don't
invest; investments help, or invest
your money or whatever scams people try
to do. That's never us, never. That's why
I even more so, I stop talking
about this crypto stuff because there's
people getting scammed. It is important
that you know that that's not us. So
we just want to pray for you all. Please
don't fall victim to that. Yeah, they do
it to a lot of big YouTubers. Yes, a lot
of big YouTubers, and it's gotten a lot
worse. A lot of other channels too,
because we get so many views. The Lord
has brought these people, and we feel
responsible to tell you that's not,
freely we've been given and freely we
give it out. That is our
heart. We love the Lord, and
it's all about him. It's not about us. But
if you could with the part that helps us,
this is the part we'll ever ask you to
do: subscribe, click the subscribe
button, click the notification button,
click the like button. It helps us with
the
YouTube algorithm; it's what spread this
gospel throughout the world. YouTube will
promote the video and people see it
whenever you do that, and we believe it's,
we have an urgency to get this
gospel out. So we have all these new
channels: China, South Korea, Japan,
not North Korea, one day in the name of
Jesus, Philippines. My son laughs at
me because I say North Korea, because I'm
believing God it's going to happen. We're
going to see North Korea, I believe it.
We're going to see
that Iron Curtain come down in the name
of Jesus, and we're going to get those
people. It's
time that his glory would be over North
Korea. I pray for them so much in my heart,
it bothers me a lot. We will reach these
people, and Kim Jong Un is going to be
dealt with, and there will be a day when
those people that have been tormented
and tortured for so long get to hear
about our Jesus. Yes, he is going to visit
them, even in their sleep. Whatever it
takes, we must pray for them and pray for
the people who are not able to hear
about Jesus. It's our job to pray for our
brothers and our
sisters. Well, we appreciate you all being
here today, and we're excited
that you're here. We're thankful for
every single one of you, and we say, put a
smile in your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we
love you, and we will see you all soon.
God bless you all. Bye-bye.